# Chapter 1: Introduction

## 1.11 - Welcome to DarkAero

Congratulations on your purchase of the DarkAero 1 kit! The DarkAero 1 was designed with the first time builder in mind. Our goal was to make the build experience as enjoyable as the flying experience itself while still meeting the FAA 51% rule. As you likely already know, the DarkAero 1 is a full composite kit aircraft made primarily of carbon fiber composites. The kit does not require any background in composite layup or composite structures. This engineering work has already completed by the DarkAero Team. 

With that being said, the kit does still require bonding, bolting/riveting, fabrication, and assembly tasks. The kit will does not require any special jigs or fixtures, but it does require shop space and a number of tools. Read through these instructions and you'll soon be on your way building your new aircraft!

## 1.12 - ⚠️ *WARNING* 
														
Be sure to read the instructions all the way through from start to finish before the start of a new task! If anything about the instructions is unclear or if you have any doubts about a construction procedure, do not proceed until you have all the necessary information and/or skill. If you are not familiar with a specific procedure/task or it is your first time using a specific tool, read up and/or watch the DarkAero instruction videos and then practice on the existing ""test samples"" sent along with your kit. Once you've gained confidence, then move on to carrying out these procedures on the kit itself. 

Do not attempt to take ""shortcuts"" with the DarkAero 1 kit construction. Short cuts constitute any activities where steps or procedures are skipped or actively avoided. For example, do not start a task if you do not have proper PPE. Do not attempt a task if you do not have the proper tool. Do not attempt to complete work on the aircraft while rushed or under pressure. If drills or cutting tools have dulled, do not continue to use them. Short cuts become headaches and frustration for all parties when the shortcut fails. 

**DO NOT MODIFY THE AIRCRAFT DESIGN OR SPECIFIED CONSTRUCTION PROCEDURES!** Any such changes may result in adverse effects in the aircraft's structural integrity or airworthiness.												

## 1.13 - Revisions

We will continue to improve these instructions as time goes on. All of the electronic build copies will dynamically update. We will do our best to communicate these revisions to all builders. A list of revision history can be found on the first tab of each chapter labeled, ["Rev History"](https://rb.gy/9ndc7o). In that tab you will find details on what revisions were made.

If you prefer to work from a printed copy, keep in mind that these paper documents may need to be re-printed to reflect the latest revisions. If revisions are made, be sure to review and understand these revisions before proceeding with your work.											
														
## 1.14 - Build Instructions Layout

Each builder will receive a copy to his own ""Build Instructions Overview"". This copy is his own and should be used to both track and document one's build. The Build Instructions Overview links to all of the build chapters. The build chapters are owned by DarkAero, but each builder will have the ability to view these instructions and provide comments/questions if a particular section(s) is unclear. 

The manual is laid out in a logical progression. Start with Chapter 1 which will help you to understand what tools are necessary, how to set up your shop and how to carry out the majority of repeat build procedures for the aircraft. The build instructions will include real photos of the build for most steps of the process. Additionally, where necessary you may also see dimensional prints, and links to the actual DarkAero 1 CAD for clearer representation of the task(s). 

For a more thorough and detailed overview of this manual, click the link to see the video overview (~10 min): [coming soon]														

### [↩ GO BACK to Your Build Instructions Overview](https://rb.gy/b6vk1t)														

### [➡️ CONTINUE TO 1.2 - Kits Overview & Build Experience](https://rb.gy/a4gnyb)
